Big Chief flying eagle greets his Braves
Oh Big Chief greets little mother Oh ugh
Oh Wendy is that all you have to say
everyone else thinks I'm wonderful
especially Tiger Lily John Michael take
off that walking to get ready for bed
bed
Greg no sleep go for days without sleep
but boys we're going home in the morning
and oh yeah go home no go home stay many
moons have hit big time
now Peter let's stop pretending and be
practical chief flying eagle has spoken
oh for goodness sake please boys do you
want to stay here and grow up like
savages
but you can't you need a mother
we all do thank you our mother Wendy
I'm Michael of course not surely you
haven't forgotten our real mother then
she has no ears and wear a fur coat
oh no Michael that was Nana I think I
heard her mother once I wish washing I
look good I had a white rat that's no
mother
no no how do you mother is yeah Wendy